# Coursera-Guided-Project-Querying-Databases-Using-SQL-SELECT-statement

# About the project
In this 2-hour long project-based course, you will learn how to retrieve data from tables in a database using SQL SELECT statement. In addition, this project will expose you to how to use different SQL operators together with the WHERE clause to set conditions on tables in a database for database manipulation. In order to reinforce the use of SQL SELECT statement to query a database for database insights, you will work on different tasks as the concepts are being introduced to you.

# Additional Project Overview
Welcome to this project-based course on querying database using SQL SELECT statement. In this project, you will learn how to retrieve data from a database using the SELECT statement. In addition, you will learn how to set conditions on data retrieved from a database. By the end of this 2-hour long project, you will understand how to use the WHERE clause together with other SQL operators to retrieve data from a database. By extension, you will learn how to sort result set in ascending or descending order. Also, you will learn how to set limits on result set of a query. Finally, you will learn how to give a temporary name to a column of a table in a result set. Note, you do not need to be a data administrator or data analyst to be successful in this guided project, just a familiarity with SQL suffice for this project. If you are not familiar with SQL and want to learn the basics, start with my previous guided project titled “Performing Data definition and Manipulation in SQL."
